multiadultexpts	jv	What did you think this experiment was about?	bananas!!
multiadultexpts	jv	Did you notice that any of the voices had accents?	...
multiadultexpts	jv	What accents do you think you heard?	...
multiadultexpts	jv	What foreign accents do people in your immediate family have?	...
multiadultexpts	jv	Have you ever heard a Mexican accent?	...
multiadultexpts	jv	Have you ever heard a Mandarin Chinese accent?	...
multiadultexpts	jv	Have you ever heard a Dutch accent?	...
multiadultexpts	jv	Have you ever heard a Vietnamese accent?	...
multiadultexpts	jv	Did you notice anything interesting about the voices?	...
multiadultexpts	jv	Were there other things you noticed about the experiment that you thought were interesting?	...
multiadultexpts	jv	Anything else?	...
multiadultexpts	aerg	What did you think this experiment was about?	...
multiadultexpts	aerg	Did you notice that any of the voices had accents?	...
multiadultexpts	aerg	What accents do you think you heard?	...
multiadultexpts	aerg	What foreign accents do people in your immediate family have?	...
multiadultexpts	aerg	Have you ever heard a Mexican accent?	...
multiadultexpts	aerg	Have you ever heard a Mandarin Chinese accent?	...
multiadultexpts	aerg	Have you ever heard a Dutch accent?	...
multiadultexpts	aerg	Have you ever heard a Vietnamese accent?	...
multiadultexpts	aerg	Did you notice anything interesting about the voices?	...
multiadultexpts	aerg	Were there other things you noticed about the experiment that you thought were interesting?	...
multiadultexpts	aerg	Anything else?	...
multiadultexpts	esh	What did you think this experiment was about?	...
multiadultexpts	esh	Did you notice that any of the voices had accents?	...
multiadultexpts	esh	What accents do you think you heard?	...
multiadultexpts	esh	What foreign accents do people in your immediate family have?	...
multiadultexpts	esh	Have you ever heard a Mexican accent?	...
multiadultexpts	esh	Have you ever heard a Mandarin Chinese accent?	...
multiadultexpts	esh	Have you ever heard a Dutch accent?	...
multiadultexpts	esh	Have you ever heard a Vietnamese accent?	...
multiadultexpts	esh	Did you notice anything interesting about the voices?	...
multiadultexpts	esh	Were there other things you noticed about the experiment that you thought were interesting?	...
multiadultexpts	esh	Anything else?	...
